Migration instruction for updating CMake code. (#943)
BlueBrain/HighFive: doc/migration_guide.md

2. Export a target that sets `-I ${HIGHFIVE_DIR}` and links with HDF5.

We've removed all flags for optional dependencies, such as
`-DHIGHFIVE_USE_BOOST`. Instead user that want to read/write into/from
optionally supported containers, include a header with the corresponding name
and make sure to adjust their CMake code to link with the dependency.

The C++ code should have:
```
#include <highfive/boost.hpp>

// Code the reads or write `boost::multi_array`.
```
and the CMake code would have
```
add_executable(app)

# These lines might work, but depend on how exactly the user intends to use
# Boost. They are not specific to HighFive, but previously added automatically
# (and sometimes correctly) by HighFive.
find_package(Boost)
target_link_libraries(add PUBLIC boost::boost)

# For HighFive there's two options for adding `-I ${HIGHFIVE_DIR}` and the
# flags for HDF5.
#
# Option 1: HighFive is install (systemwide) as a regular library:
find_package(HighFive)
target_link_libraries(app PUBLIC HighFive::HighFive)

# Option 2: HighFive is vendored as part of the project:
add_subdirectory(third_party/HighFive)
target_link_libraries(app PUBLIC HighFive::HighFive)
```

> There's extensive examples of project integration in `tests/cmake_integration`,
> including how those project in turn can be included in other projects. If those
> don't help, please feel free to open an Issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are extensive examples of project integration in `tests/cmake_integration`,
including how those projects in turn can be included in other projects. If these
examples don't help, please feel free to open an Issue.
```

Author: Thank you :)
